Removed difference in behaviour of @preact/signals and @preact/signal… (#387)
preactjs/signals: .changeset/tender-pianos-love.md

---
"@preact/signals": minor
---

> Removed difference in behaviour between adapters. Now signals inserted into jsx can display not only text but other jsx as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed difference in behaviour between adapters, signals that use a JSX value will correctly re-render the whole component rather than attempting the JSX-Text optimization.
```
